Add user guide for navigation model (#9)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user_guides/dashboard.md

1. Choose one of the possible configuration syntaxes
2. Create your `pages`, see our guide on [Pages](pages.md)
3. Choose a `theme` (optional, defaults to "vizro_dark"), see our guide on [Themes](themes.md)

> 4. Add `navigation` (optional, defaults to accordion with accordion title 'SELECT PAGE'), see our guide on [Navigation](navigation.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Customise your `navigation` (optional, defaults to an accordion with title 'SELECT PAGE'), see our guide on [Navigation](navigation.md)
```
